So, in the second phase, that is alignment, we're going to get the source dataset and the target dataset. The source dataset is going to be the reference for the alignment, so we have two ways to do the alignment. One is going to be automatic, and the other is going to be manual. So, in order for us to do the automatic, we're going to use the f-align node. So, the f-align node is going to take the reference from the postage stamp. I'm leaving this for the default settings. I mean, the problem with f-align is that you can waste a lot of time trying to tweak with it, and sometimes you're going to get a worse result. So, what I usually do is try to fit it, like to adjust the arrow I, so it fits within a certain limit. Especially the limits of the reference. Then I enable scale, rotate, translate, and perspective, and then I leave it at that. So, when the source gets aligned properly, that's nice. If it doesn't get aligned properly, I have here a merge difference that is going to show me the difference between the aligned version and the source, so I can know exactly what's going on. If I feel that something is not happening correctly with the automatic alignment, then I can quickly switch to a manual alignment. So, basically we have two paths. One path is the automatic alignment, and the other one is using the transform node. The transform node is all manual. So, it's basically a transform node that has keyframes for translate and the scale values, and you can change that in the reference so it matches more or less to the source. And you will check that with the merge difference. And you get to choose which path goes through using the dissolve node. So, at this point, 1 means the manual transform and 0 means the automatic alignment. Finally, once we finish the alignment, then we do a crop. So, we need to crop because obviously we cannot train using black borders or black information because that's going to skew the training to a different place. So, we need to take both the reference and the source and try to remove all the black borders. So, even if the picture becomes really small, we need to do this. We need to remove all the black borders. And in some cases, we need to keyframe this because sometimes, especially in trailers and the like, you will get subtitles and hard-coded or burned-in subtitles. So, you need to avoid those subtitles because if you train with those subtitles, one of two things are going to happen. Either the subtitles are going to be trained to disappear because they are not going to be in one of the references or they are going to be trained to acquire some color information and they will end up looking weird. So, we need to remove the subtitles from either the source and reference because sometimes it happens that some of them have them in a place and the other one doesn't. So, usually what I do is like, depending on the number of frames, we can crop the bottom and leave the subtitles in the bottom part out or we can crop everything from the bottom up to the first subtitle in case we want. Because sometimes there is information on the lower part. There is more color information on the lower part of the image. So, sometimes we may want just to give that sliver of information because it's going to give us more color information than the top part because the top part may be only the sky. And the sky may not have all the color information that we have. So, in this case, it's better if we only do the small part at the bottom. As long as it doesn't have the subtitles, it's going to be fine. And the good thing about this crop is that this is going to be copied or this is going to be cloned to different places. So, this crop is going to go to all the rest of the parts. It's basically going to be applied the same. This crop is going to be applied the same to the source and the reference. And they should be linked or cloned. So, if I change a setting somewhere, it's going to be automatically changed in the other. So, they should be the same one because they are doing the same thing. So, in this way, we make it so that both the source and the reference have the same pixel information after we crop them.